Support for zone aware PDB in jsonnet (#12315)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Distributor: Reduce calculated `GOMAXPROCS` to be closer to the requested number of CPUs. #12150
* [CHANGE] Query-scheduler: The query-scheduler is now a required component that is always used by queriers and query-frontends. #12187

> * [CHANGE] Use `irate()` when calculating CPU scaling metric. Using `irate()` prevents underestimating CPU utilization when scraping fails. #12384

Author: urg ... ok I'll go check and delete from here

* [CHANGE] Distributor: Reduce calculated `GOMAXPROCS` to be closer to the requested number of CPUs. #12150
* [CHANGE] Query-scheduler: The query-scheduler is now a required component that is always used by queriers and query-frontends. #12187
* [CHANGE] Rollout-operator: Add `watch` permission to the rollout-operators's cluster role. #12360. See [rollout-operator#262](https://github.com/grafana/rollout-operator/pull/262)

> * [CHANGE] Rollout-operator: Support for zone and partition aware pod disruption budgets, enabling finer control over pod eviction policies. #12315. See [rollout-operator#253](https://github.com/grafana/rollout-operator/pull/253)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Rollout-operator: Support for zone and partition aware pod disruption budgets, enabling finer control over pod eviction policies. #12315. Refer to [rollout-operator#253](https://github.com/grafana/rollout-operator/pull/253).
```
